All right.
So the code that we added in the previous lesson will actually break some of our existing tests.
So let's go ahead and run our test suite so we can fix them immediately.
So right here I'll run NPM, run test colon, watch.
And I am making git commits every lesson and this Jess runner only looks at the code that's changed
since the last commit.
So if you ever get anything like this, just press the A button and that will run all of the tests.
And that's a good thing to do in general to just make sure we are running everything.
And if I scroll up, we'll see that we are failing in the job listings component and it's coming from
this line.
So this is a line that we added in the previous lesson and remember in the browser view router automatically
adds the root property to every view component.
However, in our tests that is not true.
So therefore when our tests tried to access this dot root in the component that property does not exist,
it gets undefined and then the test cannot read the property query on undefined.
And so it fails right then and there.
It never even gets to our assertions.
This all happens in the actual mounting of the component.
So how can we fix this problem?
We can fix it the exact same way we've done before.
We can replace the root property with a mock object, with a smaller JavaScript object that will play
the role of the root object.
We do not need to incorporate Vue router, we just need to incorporate something similar that can play
the role.
As a reminder, we did already solve this problem in our tests for the sub nav component.
So if I open up sub nav that test that.
Yes, as a reminder here is our create config factory function and here is the setup we used in order
to mock out the global root property.
So whenever you have a global property, which means a property that is on every component like root
or router, in our case we can set up this setup in our configuration object for the test.
So in mocks we say whenever the component references dollar sign root as a property, use this object
right here in this case an object with a name property.
So we want to emulate something very similar in our tests for job listings.
We'll just tell our test to use a sample JavaScript object that will play the role of the dollar sign
root object that your router normally provides.
Right?
So we can of course write our factory function up first, but I'd like to write some duplicate code
first.
First we want to solve the tests and only then do we want to refactor to a better solution.
So for now we're just going to duplicate some code from test to test.
Salemi.
Open up my job listings.
Test.
I think that is our plural one.
Yep.
And let me open it alongside our job listings component just so we have a reference to our original
implementation.
So there we go.
So right here, I want to follow the exact same set up that we just saw.
We want to provide a configuration object right here.
And to that object, we're going to provide our route object.
So I'm going to assign it to a separate constant just so I have it in line.
It just doesn't get too convoluted and too complex in our configuration object.
So right here I'll create a content called Dollar Sign Root.
That is the ultimate property that I want to overwrite.
And this will be an object that's going to have a query property.
We need this property to exist because that is what we're accessing right here.
And of course, on the query object, we wanted to have a page property.
So we follow what we have right here.
And then, of course, Page is going to be a string representing some page number.
It can be whatever we want for the test.
I'm just going to put an arbitrary value of five now by itself.
It doesn't do anything.
We have to hook this up to our actual mounting of the job listings component.
So right here, my configuration object that I passed is a second argument to shell amount.
I'm going to provide the global property.
That's going to be an object in here.
I'm going to provide the MOX property that is going to be an object.
And here I provide a key or a property representing which global MOC or which global object I want to
mark out.
I want to mark out dollar sign root on any component.
So of course, I want to assign this to my dollar sign root object above.
And whenever we have the syntax in Essex, of course what we can do is simply make it like this.
If we have a property with the same name as a constant or a variable in our program, we can simply
do this.
And what that is going to do is provide this that dollar sign root to our component as this object right
here.
And now this code should no longer fail.
All right.
We want to repeat the exact same logic below.
So I think I'm just going to copy this code down below.
So let me move here.
Let me paste a right here.
After we mark out the Axios get call, I'm going to have a root object.
Let's switch things up a little bit here and make the page equal to one.
We're still going to shallow amount our job listings component.
This line is a duplicate line so we can remove it and make sure that we assign the return value of shallow
mount to a contact called Wrapper.
Let's save that and see what we get.
Our tests are all running and perfect, so we have a fully green test suite.
Everything is passing.
We have taken care of the problem of our tests, not being able to read the root property.
That is a global property that we have mocked out or replaced or substituted with a simple object in
our tests that can play the role.
And so now that we have a sense of what the duplication is between our two tests, we can sort of start
moving some of that duplication into a factory function, do a little bit of a refactor in the very
next lesson.